qoutes	
"The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet."  —Aristotle	
"Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself." —John Dewey	
"Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school." —Albert Einstein	
"Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow." —Anthony J. D'Angelo	
"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest." —Benjamin Franklin	
"It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers." —James Thurber	
"Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today." —Malcolm X	
"Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." —Nelson Mandela	
"The Expert in anything was once a beginner." —Helen Hayes	
"The best way to predict the Future is to create it." —Abraham Lincoln	
"You are never too old to set another Goal or to dream a new dream." —C.S. Lewis	
"There is no substitute for Hard work." —Thomas Edison	
"Logic will get you from A to Z; Imagination will get you anywhere." —Albert Einstein	
"A Journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." —Lao Tzu	
"The art of being wise is the art of Knowing what to overlook." —William James	
"Today a reader, tomorrow a Leader." —Margaret Fuller	
"One way to keep Momentum going is to constantly have greater goals." —Michael Korder	
"Work alone is Noble." —Thomas Carlyle	
"If a window of Opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade." —Thomas Peters	
"Perseverance is failing 19 times and succee	
"An obstacle is often a Stepping stone." —PRESCOTT	
"I believe that every person is born with Talent." —Maya Angelou	
"Always desire to learn something Useful." —Sophocles	
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the Visible." —Tony Robbins	
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." —Walt Disney	
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." —Winston Churchill	
"Opportunities don’t happen, you create them." —Chris Grosser	
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." —Albert Einstein	
"Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." —Eleanor Roosevelt	
"All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." —Michael John Bobak	
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." —Maya Angelou	
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing."—Dale Carnegie	
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." —Jim Ryun	
"You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." —Michael Jordan	
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." —Truman Capote	
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." —Herman Melville	
"If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough." —Albert Einstein	
"If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary." —Jim Rohn	
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." —Vidal Sassoon	
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." —Dale Carnegie	
"Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." —Robert Kiyosaki	
“Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.” —C.S. Lewis	
"Successful and unsuccessful people do not vary greatly in their abilities. They vary in their desires to reach their potential."  —John Maxwell	
"If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient." —Gurbaksh Chahal	
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." —Arthur Ashe	
“A goal is a dream with a deadline.”  —Napoleon Hill	
"The best revenge is massive success."  —Frank Sinatra	
“Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.”  —Zig Ziglar	
“Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners.”  —Robert T. Kiyosaki	
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.”  —Steve Jobs	